Capacitated Warehouse Location
==============================

.. warning::
   This article references to technology that is not available yet in any released AIMMS version, and requires an early access version of AIMMS.
   Please contact support@aimms.com for more information.

.. meta::
   :keywords: Capacitated warehouse location, WebUI, Infeasible data
   :description:    This project illustrates AIMMS' capabilities to find data causing an infeasibility in a mathematical model.

Direct download AIMMS Project :download:`CWL.zip <model/CWL.zip>`

The capacitated warehouse location problem is the problem of locating a
number of warehouses which have to service a set of customers, at minimum
cost, where each customer has an associated demand and there are constraints
on the total demand that can be met from a warehouse.

This model is infeasible. The new procedure GMP::Instance::GetInfeasibleData
is used to find the cause of the infeasibility. To run the project, first run
the procedure MainExecution to solve the model (which will be infeasible) and
next run the procedure FindInfData to find the infeasible data. The procedure
FindInfData fills a HTML message explaining the cause of the infeasibility,
and it fills the .SuspicionLevel suffix of all parameters involved in the
infeasibility with values 'High', 'Medium' or 'Low'; it remains empty if the
parameter is not involved.

You can also run this project using the WebUI by pressing 'WebUI' in the menu
bar (after opening the AIMMS project). This will open a web page. Press the
'Solve' button to solve the model (it calls the procedure MainExecution), and
press the 'FindInexactData' button to call the FindInfData to find the
infeasible data. A text message will be displayed and several data cells will
be colored. To color the cells, the webui::AnnotationsIdentifier attribute of
the parameters Capacity, Demand and AllocationCost is used. The colors are
specified in the file 'backgroundcolor.css' in the following subfolder:
MainProject\WebUI\resources\css.

Keywords:
Capacitated warehouse location, WebUI, Infeasible data

.. below are spelling exceptions only for this document

.. spelling:word-list::

    SuspicionLevel
    webui
    AnnotationsIdentifier
    webui::AnnotationsIdentifier
    backgroundcolor
